feat: Rename theme to context (#996)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: docs/content/theme/pfe-theme-slots.md

    Using the pfe-card template example above, let's explore what would happen if we called the slots out of order:

    my-web-page.html template:

    ```html
    <pfe-card>
        <p slot="pfe-card--footer">World</p>
        <h3 slot="pfe-card--header">Hello</h3>
    </pfe-card>
    ```

    will render the content like this:

    <pfe-card>
      <p slot="pfe-card--footer">World</p>
      <h3 slot="pfe-card--header">Hello</h3>
    </pfe-card>

## Styling Slots

> If you add a `slot` to a light DOM element, you are opening a window to allow styles from outside the web component to style that section.  That means the typical encapsulation of a web component flies out the window. You can influence the styles using the `::slotted` selector but it only applies to the direct children of the slot.

Reviewer: I'm confused who the "you" is in this sentence. Is it the developer building the component or the dev building the page with a component? Given the documentation page, I'm guessing its a dev building a component.

Can you "add slots to light DOM elements"? Or do you add slots to the shadow DOM, which allows content to be placed in the light DOM that then appears in the template of the component?

```suggestion
While building a component, if a `slot` is added, it opens a window to allow styles from outside of the component to style that section.  Slotted content foregoes the benefits of encapsulated styles. The component stylesheet may influence the styles using the `::slotted` selector, but it only applies to the direct children of the slot.
```
